# DashboardAnonymousAccess

## Properties

Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**ManagementZoneIds** | **[]string** | A list of management zones that can display data on the publicly shared dashboard.   Specify management zone IDs here. For each management zone you specify Dynatrace generates an access link. You can access them in the **urls** list.   To share the dashboard with its default management zone, use the &#x60;default&#x60; value. | 
**Urls** | Pointer to **map[string]string** | A list of URLs for anonymous access to the dashboard.   Each link grants access to data from the specific management zone, listed in the in the **managementZoneIds** list.   These links are automatically generated by Dynatrace, you can&#39;t change them. | [optional] [readonly] 

## Methods

### NewDashboardAnonymousAccess

`func NewDashboardAnonymousAccess(managementZoneIds []string, ) *DashboardAnonymousAccess`

NewDashboardAnonymousAccess instantiates a new DashboardAnonymousAccess object
This constructor will assign default values to properties that have it defined,
and makes sure properties required by API are set, but the set of arguments
will change when the set of required properties is changed

### NewDashboardAnonymousAccessWithDefaults

`func NewDashboardAnonymousAccessWithDefaults() *DashboardAnonymousAccess`

NewDashboardAnonymousAccessWithDefaults instantiates a new DashboardAnonymousAccess object
This constructor will only assign default values to properties that have it defined,
but it doesn't guarantee that properties required by API are set

### GetManagementZoneIds

`func (o *DashboardAnonymousAccess) GetManagementZoneIds() []string`

GetManagementZoneIds returns the ManagementZoneIds field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetManagementZoneIdsOk

`func (o *DashboardAnonymousAccess) GetManagementZoneIdsOk() (*[]string, bool)`

GetManagementZoneIdsOk returns a tuple with the ManagementZoneIds field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetManagementZoneIds

`func (o *DashboardAnonymousAccess) SetManagementZoneIds(v []string)`

SetManagementZoneIds sets ManagementZoneIds field to given value.


### GetUrls

`func (o *DashboardAnonymousAccess) GetUrls() map[string]string`

GetUrls returns the Urls field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetUrlsOk

`func (o *DashboardAnonymousAccess) GetUrlsOk() (*map[string]string, bool)`

GetUrlsOk returns a tuple with the Urls field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetUrls

`func (o *DashboardAnonymousAccess) SetUrls(v map[string]string)`

SetUrls sets Urls field to given value.

### HasUrls

`func (o *DashboardAnonymousAccess) HasUrls() bool`

HasUrls returns a boolean if a field has been set.


[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)


